Document History

- Does the working group (WG) consensus represent the strong concurrence of a
few individuals, with others being silent, or did it reach broad agreement?

There was a fair but not large number of responses to the WG Last Call. There
was not noticeable disagreement.

- Was there controversy about particular points, or were there decisions where
the consensus was particularly rough?

There was not significant controversy.

- Has anyone threatened an appeal or otherwise indicated extreme discontent? If
so, please summarize the areas of conflict in separate email messages to the
responsible Area Director. (It should be in a separate email because this
questionnaire is publicly available.)

None was suggested.

- For protocol documents, are there existing implementations of the contents of
the document? Have a significant number of potential implementers indicated
plans to implement? Are any existing implementations reported somewhere, either
in the document itself (as <a href="/doc/rfc7942/">RFC 7942</a> recommends) or elsewhere (where)?

This is an operational document.

Additional Reviews

- Do the contents of this document closely interact with technologies in other
IETF working groups or external organizations, and would it therefore benefit
from their review? Have those reviews occurred? If yes, describe which reviews
took place.

Stateful Hash-Based Signature Schemes (Stateful HBS) are discussed in other WGs
(particularly LAMPS), and some external organizations. Members of those groups
are also members of the PQUIP WG.

- Describe how the document meets any required formal expert review criteria,
such as the MIB Doctor, YANG Doctor, media type, and URI type reviews.

No such reviews are applicable here.

- If the document contains a YANG module, has the final version of the module
been checked with any of the recommended validation tools for syntax and
formatting validation? If there are any resulting errors or warnings, what is
the justification for not fixing them at this time? Does the YANG module comply
with the Network Management Datastore Architecture (NMDA) as specified in <a href="/doc/rfc8342/">RFC
8342</a>?

There is no YANG module here.

- Describe reviews and automated checks performed to validate sections of the
final version of the document written in a formal language, such as XML code,
BNF rules, MIB definitions, CBOR's CDDL, etc.

There are no checks here.

Document Shepherd Checks

- Based on the shepherd's review of the document, is it their opinion that this
document is needed, clearly written, complete, correctly designed, and ready to
be handed off to the responsible Area Director?

needed: yes
clearly written: as much as possible for the topic
complete: yes
correctly designed: yes
ready to be handed off to the responsible Area Director: yes

- Several IETF Areas have assembled lists of common issues that their reviewers
encounter. For which areas have such issues been identified and addressed? For
which does this still need to happen in subsequent reviews?

None noted.

- What type of RFC publication is being requested on the IETF stream (Best
Current Practice, Proposed Standard, Internet Standard, Informational,
Experimental or Historic)? Why is this the proper type of RFC? Do all
Datatracker state attributes correctly reflect this intent?

Informational, because it is about operations. It is not a BCP because it is
suggestions based on theory, not proven practice.

- Have reasonable efforts been made to remind all authors of the intellectual
property rights (IPR) disclosure obligations described in <a href="/doc/bcp79/">BCP 79</a>? To the best
of your knowledge, have all required disclosures been filed? If not, explain
why. If yes, summarize any relevant discussion, including links to
publicly-available messages when applicable.

Each author replied that they did not know of any IPR related to the document.

- Has each author, editor, and contributor shown their willingness to be listed
as such? If the total number of authors and editors on the front page is
greater than five, please provide a justification.

Yes, and there are five.

- Document any remaining I-D nits in this document. Simply running the idnits
tool is not enough; please review the "Content Guidelines" on <a href="http://authors.ietf.org">authors.ietf.org</a>.
(Also note that the current idnits tool generates some incorrect warnings; a
rewrite is underway.)

The remaining nits are non-consequential.

- Should any informative references be normative or vice-versa? See the IESG
Statement on Normative and Informative References. - List any normative
references that are not freely available to anyone. Did the community have
sufficient access to review any such normative references? - Are there any
normative downward references (see <a href="/doc/rfc3967/">RFC 3967</a> and <a href="/doc/bcp97/">BCP 97</a>) that are not already
listed in the DOWNREF registry? If so, list them. - Are there normative
references to documents that are not ready to be submitted to the IESG for
publication or are otherwise in an unclear state? If so, what is the plan for
their completion?

All references are informative, as is appropriate.

- Will publication of this document change the status of any existing RFCs? If
so, does the Datatracker metadata correctly reflect this and are those RFCs
listed on the title page, in the abstract, and discussed in the introduction?
If not, explain why and point to the part of the document where the
relationship of this document to these other RFCs is discussed.

This document does not change the status of any other RFC.

- Describe the document shepherd's review of the IANA considerations section,
especially with regard to its consistency with the body of the document.
Confirm that all aspects of the document requiring IANA assignments are
associated with the appropriate reservations in IANA registries. Confirm that
any referenced IANA registries have been clearly identified. Confirm that each
newly created IANA registry specifies its initial contents, allocations
procedures, and a reasonable name (see <a href="/doc/rfc8126/">RFC 8126</a>).

It correctly says that there are no IANA actions.

- List any new IANA registries that require Designated Expert Review for future
allocations. Are the instructions to the Designated Expert clear? Please
include suggestions of designated experts, if appropriate.

